chore: Adding Documentation for OpenAI client (#134)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: packages/foundation-models/README.md

  - Create a `.env` file in the sample-code directory.
  - Add an entry `AICORE_SERVICE_KEY='<content-of-service-key>'`.

## Azure OpenAI Client

To make a generative AI model available for use, you need to create a deployment.
You can create a deployment for each model and model version, as well as for each resource group that you want to use with generative AI hub.

After the deployment is complete, you have a `deploymentUrl`, which can be used to access the model.

The Azure OpenAI client allows you to send chat completion or embedding requests to OpenAI models deployed in SAP generative AI hub.

### Prerequisites

- A deployed OpenAI model in SAP generative AI hub.

>   - You can use the [`DeploymentApi`](../ai-api/README.md#deploymentapi) from `@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api` to deploy a model to SAP generative AI hub. For more information, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-generative-ai-model-in-sap-ai-core)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can use the [`DeploymentApi`](../ai-api/README.md#deploymentapi) from `@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api` to deploy a model to SAP generative AI hub. For more information, see [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-deployment-for-generative-ai-model-in-sap-ai-core).
```

- `sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models` package installed in your project.

### Usage of Azure OpenAI Chat Client

Use the `AzureOpenAiChatClient` to send chat completion requests to an OpenAI model deployed in SAP generative AI hub.

> You can pass the model name as a parameter to the client, the sdk will implicitly fetch the deployment ID for the model from the AI Core service and use it to send the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the model name as a parameter to the client, the SDK will implicitly fetch the deployment ID for the model from the AI Core service and use it to send the request.
```

> The deployment information which includes deployment ID and properties like model name and model version is also cached by default for 5 mins so that performance is not impacted by fetching the deployment information for every request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the system caches the deployment information, which includes the deployment ID and properties such as the model name and model version, for 5 minutes to prevent performance impact from fetching the deployment information for every request.
```
Same for the other client.

```TS
import { AzureOpenAiChatClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const client = new AzureOpenAiChatClient('gpt-35-turbo');
const response = await client.run({
  messages: [
    {
      role: 'user',
      content: 'Where is the deepest place on earth located'
    }
  ]
});

const responseContent = response.getContent();

```

> To send a chat completion request with system messages use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following to send a chat completion request with system messages:
```

```TS
import { AzureOpenAiChatClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const client = new AzureOpenAiChatClient('gpt-35-turbo');
const response = await client.run({
  messages: [
    {
      role: 'system',
      content: 'You are a friendly chatbot.'
    },
    {
      role: 'user',
      content: 'Hi, my name is Isa'
    },
    {
      role: 'assistant',
      content: 'Hi Isa! It is nice to meet you. Is there anything I can help you with today?'
    },
    {
      role: 'user',
      content: 'Can you remind me, What is my name?'
    }
  ],
  max_tokens: 100,
  temperature: 0.0
});

const responseContent = response.getContent();
const tokenUsage = response.getTokenUsage();

logger.info(
  `Total tokens consumed by the request: ${tokenUsage.total_tokens}\n` +
  `Input prompt tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.prompt_tokens}\n` +
  `Output text completion tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.completion_tokens}\n`
);

```

> You can see that one can send multiple messages in a single request.
> This is useful in providing a history of the conversation to the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to send multiple messages in a single request. 
This feature is useful for providing a history of the conversation to the model.
```

> Some parameters like `max_tokens` and `temperature` can be also be passed to the request to control the completion behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass parameters like `max_tokens` and `temperature` to the request to control the completion behavior.
```

Refer to `AzureOpenAiChatCompletionParameters` interface for knowing more parameters that can be passed to the chat completion request.

> #### Obtaining a client using Resource Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Obtaining a Client using Resource Groups
```

[Resource groups](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/resource-groups?q=resource+group) represent a virtual collection of related resources within the scope of one SAP AI Core tenant.

> You can also obtain a model on your own by using a resource group and ID of your deployment instead of a model name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the deployment ID and resource group as an alternative to obtaining a model by using the model name.
```

```TS
import { AzureOpenAiChatClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const response = await new AzureOpenAiChatClient({ deploymentId: 'd1234' , resourceGroup: 'rg1234' }).run({
  messages: [
    {
      'role':'user',
      'content': 'What is the capital of France?'
    }
  ]
});

```

### Usage of Azure OpenAI Embedding Client

Use the `AzureOpenAiEmbeddingClient` to send embedding requests to an OpenAI model deployed in SAP generative AI hub.
You can pass the model name as a parameter to the client, the sdk will implicitly fetch the deployment ID for the model from the AI Core service and use it to send the request.

> The deployment information which includes deployment ID and properties like model name and model version is also cached by default for 5 mins so that performance is not impacted by fetching the deployment information for every request.

Reviewer: Same above.

You can pass the model name as a parameter to the client, the sdk will implicitly fetch the deployment ID for the model from the AI Core service and use it to send the request.

The deployment information which includes deployment ID and properties like model name and model version is also cached by default for 5 mins so that performance is not impacted by fetching the deployment information for every request.

```TS
import { AzureOpenAiChatClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const client = new AzureOpenAiChatClient('gpt-35-turbo');
const response = await client.run({
  messages: [
    {
      role: 'user',
      content: 'Where is the deepest place on earth located'
    }
  ]
});

const responseContent = response.getContent();

```

To send a chat completion request with system messages use:

```TS
import { AzureOpenAiChatClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const client = new AzureOpenAiChatClient('gpt-35-turbo');
const response = await client.run({
  messages: [
    {
      role: 'system',
      content: 'You are a friendly chatbot.'
    },
    {
      role: 'user',
      content: 'Hi, my name is Isa'
    },
    {

>       role: 'system',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      role: 'assistant',
```

I think one typically only has one system message, this message rather looks like a previous response from an LLM

Author: Hmm, I didn't know this. But you are right all examples have only one system message.

      content: 'Hi Isa! It is nice to meet you. Is there anything I can help you with today?'
    },
    {
      role: 'user',
      content: 'Can you remind me, What is my name?'
    }
  ],
  max_tokens: 100,
  temperature: 0.0
});

const responseContent = response.getContent();
const tokenUsage = response.getTokenUsage();

logger.info(
  `Total tokens consumed by the request: ${tokenUsage.total_tokens}\n` +
  `Input prompt tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.prompt_tokens}\n` +
  `Output text completion tokens consumed: ${tokenUsage.completion_tokens}\n`
);

```

You can see that one can send multiple messages in a single request.
This is useful in providing a history of the conversation to the model.

Some parameters like `max_tokens` and `temperature` can be also be passed to the request to control the completion behavior.
Refer to `AzureOpenAiChatCompletionParameters` interface for knowing more parameters that can be passed to the chat completion request.

> #### Obtaining a client using deployment ID

Reviewer 2: [pp] I'd change this to focus on resource group instead, maybe even leave out deployment ID completely

```TS
import { AzureOpenAiEmbeddingClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const client = new AzureOpenAiEmbeddingClient('text-embedding-ada-002');
const response = await client.run({
  input: 'AI is fascinating'
});
const embedding = response.getEmbedding();
```

#### Obtaining a client using deployment ID

In case you want to obtain the model by using the ID of your deployment on your own you can pass it instead of a model name:

```TS
import { AzureOpenAiEmbeddingClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const response = await new AzureOpenAiEmbeddingClient({ deploymentId: 'd1234' }).run({
  messages: [
    {
      'role':'user',
      'content': 'Where is the deepest place on earth located?'
    }
  ]
});
```

You could also pass the [resource group](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/resource-groups?q=resource+group) name to the client along with the deployment ID:

```TS
const client = new AzureOpenAiEmbeddingClient({ deploymentId: 'd1234' , resourceGroup: 'rg1234' })

> ```

Reviewer 2: I'd leave this out and just mention that the same API as for chat client applies here too in like one sentence

Author: I just wanted to be complete if the user reads only the embedding client, will make the changes though.

  - Create a `.env` file in the sample-code directory.
  - Add an entry `AICORE_SERVICE_KEY='<content-of-service-key>'`.

> ## OpenAI client

Reviewer 3: [req] We just renamed it to `AzureOpenAIChatClient` and `AzureOpenAIEmbeddingClient`. In written text I would refer to it as "Azure OpenAI client".

> The OpenAI client can be used to send chat completion or embedding requests to the OpenAI model deployed in SAP Generative AI Hub.

Reviewer 3: [req] As above, this is not the official name, please use something like "generative AI hub in SAP AI Core" instead.

### Prerequisites

- A deployed OpenAI model in SAP Generative AI Hub.
  - You can use the [`DeploymentApi`](../ai-api/README.md#deploymentapi) from `@sap-ai-sdk/ai-api` to deploy a model to SAP Generative AI Hub.
- `sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models` package installed in your project.

### Chat completion Client Usage

> ```TS

Reviewer 3: [req] There is no description for this example. Could you add that? I am also missing a general note on deployment resolution (you could also link there if needed).

import { OpenAiChatClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const client = new OpenAiChatClient('gpt-35-turbo');
const response = await client.run({
      messages: [
        {
          role: 'user',
          content: 'Where is the deepest place on earth located'
        }
      ]

>     })

Reviewer 3: [req] Can you make sure this is formatted correctly?
(also don't forget to apply the rename)

> const response = await client.run({
>       messages: [
>         {
>           role: 'user',
>           content: 'Where is the deepest place on earth located'
>         }
>       ]
>     })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const response = await client.run({
  messages: [{
    role: 'user',
    content: 'Where is the deepest place on earth located'
  }]
});
```

const responseContent = response.getContent();
```

> It is also possible to create a chat client by passing a `deploymentId` instead of a `modelName`.

Author: I have repeated this subsection for both clients as I don't have a shared documentation for all clients yet.
I will create a follow-up to create this shared documentation.
As a result, some information could be repeated for both clients for now.

> On the response obtained from the client, you could also use convenience functions like `getContent()`, `getFinishReason()` and `getTokenUsage()` to get easy access to the certain parts of the response.

Author: Took care of the first two comments, will link to API docs, when they are available.

### Embedding Client Usage

```TS
import { OpenAiEmbeddingClient } from '@sap-ai-sdk/foundation-models';

const client = new OpenAiEmbeddingClient({ deploymentId: 'd123456abcdefg' });

> const response = await client.run({
>       input: 'AI is fascinating'
>     });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const response = await client.run({
  input: 'AI is fascinating'
});
```

> const embedding = response.data[0]?.embedding;

Reviewer: We now have a `getEmbedding` function defined, could you adapt this example? https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/56bc02064da7a626e34503f7dba2a01320ebca85/packages/foundation-models/src/azure-openai/azure-openai-embedding-response.ts#L28

```

> It is also possible to create an embedding client by passing a `modelName` instead of a `deploymentId`.

Reviewer: I agree with @MatKuhr. Maybe use `modelName` above and say you can also use `deploymentId` (with a short example).

> ## Caching

Author: For now I have explained caching directly under the clients usage.
I will create a shared documentation as a follow-up, which contains sections relevant for all clients. Will move caching info to this documentation later.

## License

The SAP Cloud SDK for AI is released under the [Apache License Version 2.0.](http://www.apache.org/licenses/)

```

> 

Reviewer 2: leftover?

Author: Yeah!
